---
redirectFrom:
  - /docs/changelog/2023-10-10-console
---

### Fixes & improvements

- API: Added timestamp validation for [branch creation](/docs/manage/branches#create-a-branch). This new validation prevents you from accidentally selecting inapplicable times: before your Jambo project was created, before the defined history retention period (7 days by default), or in the future. With Jambo, you can you create point-in-time branches to restore past data, but you must select a time that is both in the past and within the project's history retention window. For more information, see [Point-in-time restore](/docs/introduction/point-in-time-restore).
- UI: Added a **Postgres version** column to the table on the [Projects](https://console.neon.tech/app/projects) page in the Jambo console to identify a project's Postgres version. Jambo supports creating projects with Postgres versions 14, 15, or 16. Jambo Pro Plan users can create multiple projects using any of these supported Postgres versions.
- UI: Changed the **Explain** and **Analyze** tabs in the [Jambo SQL Editor](/docs/get-started-with-neon/query-with-neon-sql-editor) to buttons to better reflect that these features perform query actions to get new results, rather than just show a different view of existing query results. For more information about these features, see [Explain and Analyze](/docs/get-started-with-neon/query-with-neon-sql-editor#explain-and-analyze).
- UI: Fixed an issue on the **Tables** page in the Jambo console that caused a `relation does not exist` error when viewing table data in a database and then selecting a different database.
- UI: Fixed a text-to-background contrast issue in dark mode in the Jambo SQL Editor. Text on the **IO & Buffers** tab in the **Index Scan** output for an **Explain** query was not visible.
- UI: Fixed styling issues for the **Data transfer** card on the Jambo Pro Plan **Billing** page in the Jambo Console.
- UI: Addressed error handling issues in the [Jambo-Vercel integration](https://vercel.com/integrations/neon).
