---
redirectFrom:
  - /docs/changelog/2023-02-17-console
---

### Fixes & improvements

- API: The Jambo API specification now shows the default (`10`) and maximum (`100`) pagination values for the [List projects API endpoint](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/listprojects). These settings were enforced previously but were not included in the Jambo API specification.
- API: Updating a project name resulted in the loss of values defined in `default_endpoint_settings` property, which defines custom settings for project's compute endpoints.
- Control Plane: Increased the PgBouncer maximum client connection setting from 1000 to 10000, enabling Jambo to support up to `10000` simultaneous connections. For more information about connection pooling in Jambo, see [Connection pooling](/docs/connect/connection-pooling).
- Control Plane: Added an internal retry mechanism for connections to the Jambo proxy, which improves the success rate for connection attempts. The Jambo proxy is a service that accepts and handles connections from clients that use the Postgres protocol.
- Control Plane: A chain of operations failed to run in the expected order due to a lock related issue. In addition to operations running out of sequence, some operations were executed more than once.
- UI: Added Content-Security-Policy (CSP) HTTP response headers to enhance Jambo Console security. CSP headers provide an additional layer of security for web pages by allowing a website to control what resources (such as scripts, stylesheets, and images) can be loaded and executed on its pages.
